docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

# Overview

EIP-7702 gives superpowers to EOAs.

Specifically, it allows any EOA to "borrow" the code of any contract for a single transaction. To do so, an EOA owner would sign an _authorization_ that could then be submitted by anyone as part of the new transaction type. The owner can revoke an authorization by bumping an account nonce, or they can make an authorization that is valid in perpetuity. The authorization could be given for a single chain, or all chains at once.

This setup allows an EOA to mimic a smart contract account, particularly allowing transaction bundling, gas sponsorships, and custom ownership schemes.

## Motivation

### Flexible

EIP-7702 offers some guardrails yet it is very flexible. Users can provide both cross-chain and perpetual authorizations, as well as choose what proxy to use. While most wallets would probably not allow the most flexible behavior, it still opens up a way for different vendors to experiment and innovate.

### Compatible with EIP-4337

It is easy to use EIP-7702 with EIP-4337, so most of the infrastructure (e.g. paymasters, bundlers, RPC endpoints) would just work.

### Compatible with existing smart accounts

As EIP-7702 allows an EOA to set its code directly and supports writing to storage, it should be possible with little to no effort to use existing smart account implementations.

## Specification

The EIP introduces a new transaction, “set code transaction”, where the `TransactionType` is `0x04` and the `TransactionPayload` is the RLP serialization of the following:

```
rlp([chain_id, nonce, max_priority_fee_per_gas, max_fee_per_gas, gas_limit, destination, value, data, access_list, authorization_list, signature_y_parity, signature_r, signature_s])

authorization_list = [[chain_id, address, [nonce], y_parity, r, s], ...]
```

The `authorization_list` is a list of tuples that store the address to code which the signer desires to set in their EOA temporarily. The third element is a list item mimicking an optional value. When the list length is zero, consider the authorization nonce to be null. When the list length is one, consider the single integer value to be the provided nonce authorization. Other lengths and value types in this optional are invalid.

The `ReceiptPayload` for this transaction is `rlp([status, cumulative_transaction_gas_used, logs_bloom, logs])`.

### Behavior

At the start of executing the transaction, for each `[chain_id, address, [nonce], y_parity, r, s]` tuple:

1. `authority = ecrecover(keccak(0x05 || rlp([chain_id, [nonce], address])), y_parity, r, s]`
2. Verify the chain id is either 0 or the chain’s current ID.
3. Verify that the code of `authority` is empty.
4. If nonce list item is length one, verify the nonce of `authority` is equal to `nonce`.
5. Set the code of `authority` to code associated with `address`.
6. Add the `authority` account to `accessed_addresses`

If any of the above steps fail, immediately stop processing that tuple and continue to the next tuple in the list. It will In the case of multiple tuples for the same authority, set the code specified by the address in the first occurrence.

At the end of the transaction, set the code of each `authority` back to empty.

Note that the signer of an authorization tuple may be different than `tx.origin` of the transaction.

Commit message:

Update the spec based on the latest changes

docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

# Overview

EIP-7702 gives superpowers to EOAs.

Specifically, it allows any EOA to set its code based on any existing smart contract. To do so, an EOA owner would sign an _authorization_ that could then be submitted by anyone as part of the new transaction type. The code delegation will be valid until replaced by another authorization. The authorization could be given for a single chain, or all chains at once.

This setup allows an EOA to mimic a smart contract account, particularly allowing transaction bundling, gas sponsorships, and custom ownership schemes.

## Motivation

### Flexible

EIP-7702 offers some guardrails yet it is very flexible. Users can provide both single-chain and cross-chain authorizations, as well as choose what proxy to use. While most wallets would probably not allow the most flexible behavior, it still opens up a way for different vendors to experiment and innovate.

### Compatible with EIP-4337

It is easy to use EIP-7702 with EIP-4337, so most of the infrastructure (e.g. paymasters, bundlers, RPC endpoints) would just work.

### Compatible with existing smart accounts

As EIP-7702 allows an EOA to set its code directly and supports writing to storage, it should be possible with little to no effort to use existing smart account implementations.

## Specification

The EIP introduces a new transaction, “set code transaction”, where the `TransactionType` is `0x04` and the `TransactionPayload` is the RLP serialization of the following:

```
rlp([chain_id, nonce, max_priority_fee_per_gas, max_fee_per_gas, gas_limit, destination, value, data, access_list, authorization_list, signature_y_parity, signature_r, signature_s])

authorization_list = [[chain_id, address, nonce, y_parity, r, s], ...]
```

The `authorization_list` is a list of tuples that store the address to code which the signer desires to execute in the context of their EOA.

The `ReceiptPayload` for this transaction is `rlp([status, cumulative_transaction_gas_used, logs_bloom, logs])`.

### Behavior

At the start of executing the transaction, for each [chain_id, address, nonce, y_parity, r, s] tuple:

1. `authority = ecrecover(keccak(MAGIC || rlp([chain_id, address, nonce])), y_parity, r, s]`
2. Verify the chain id is either 0 or the chain’s current ID.
3. Verify that the code of `authority` is either empty or already delegated.
4. Verify the nonce of `authority` is equal to `nonce`.
5. Set the code of `authority` to be `0xef0100 || address`. This is a delegation designation.
6. Increase the `nonce` of `authority` by one.
7. Add the `authority` account to `accessed_addresses`

If any of the above steps fail, immediately stop processing that tuple and continue to the next tuple in the list. It will In the case of multiple tuples for the same authority, set the code specified by the address in the last occurrence.

Note that the signer of an authorization tuple may be different than `tx.origin` of the transaction.
